1. Business Professional: Mike Ross, age 24, is an entry-level software engineer for a remote company in Atlanta Georgia. He was born in Florida 
where he went to the University of Florida. His dad was a carpenter for the majority of his life and his mom was a bookkeeper at the local bank.
He has earned his bachelor's degree in computer science and his doctorate in business. Recently Mike has fallen on hard times and needs
a way to track his expenses.

   College Student: Jessica Jones, age 20, is a junior at her local college UCLA. She was born in California where her mom and dad are both owners
of their own sustainable startup business. In her early days before college she was top of her class in high school where she graduated as valedictorian. Do
to her privileged upbringing when she got to college her parents cut her off from money outside of the bare necessities. Never having to deal with her own
finances in her life things now change.

   GarbageMan (personal finance enthusiast): Ben Skinner, age 57, is a local garbage man in Birmingham. He is a high school dropout and had a rough upbringing 
when he was younger. His parents were victims of substance abuse which put them on the streets for the majority of his life. Now building his way back up and 
integrating himself back into society he must learn how to work and how to properly track his expenses.

   Artist(freelance personal): Marc Brunet, age 20, is a young freelance artist. Marc never went to college after high school but instead opted to learn how
to draw in his own time on YouTube and other platforms. His parents are both normal middle-class people with college degrees living from month to month.
In recent years he has been earning a steady amount of income, so much income that his parents tell him he needs to start budgeting and watching his expenses 
because he has 6 months until he has to move out.

3. "As a Business Professional, I want a smooth and efficient checkout process so that I can easily manage my money and proceed with other tasks."
   "As a college student, I want to efficiently track and manage my expenses through a mobile app so that I can stay within my budget and have a clear understanding of where my money is going."
   "As a dedicated personal finance enthusiast, I want a comprehensive and customizable expense management app that allows me to meticulously track, analyze, and optimize my spending habits for better financial planning and decision-making."
   "As a freelance professional, I want a streamlined expense management app to effortlessly track and categorize my business expenses."


